So in the previous part, what we learned is about creating constructeur and creating new methods.
We created general department.
Now.
Let us see what we are going to move for for this.
I'm going to explain.
How will we can create random password here to generate?
Random password.
Mr.
I'm going to put your name as like there.
Then again, private.
Or I'm considering your string only.
General.
Password.
No, what I'm going to do, I'm going to put here some badminton integer length because I want to specify
the length of that password.
Lent.
Then I will create one exciting material with this brand.
So if you know there is one in Java you build, there is a class called random, which I already in
it, it will be helpful to, um, create some random thing in Central Java.
You can print any random number using this, or you can generate any random string.
So first, I'm going to put your string.
Capital collectors can be.
Capital, correct, because we want to create some sort of capital characters here.
So it was their capital, it the ABC like that.
So actually, we are done with that.
Let us know.
We will put similarly small letters.
So I'm placing your control just controlled would copy that part and small characters.
And I'm going to get Altman back.
So we are done with moderators.
No, I want to put numbers because there are no such name passwords or numbers.
Is equal to.
Zero, two, nine.
Now, some symbols.
So what I'm doing, I'm creating some six, as you can see of the strings like these are strings only
for symbolic capital letters, characters, small characters, it's on the symbols and considering all
the symbols.
Like extermination, added hashtag, then the other symbol for a saint and symbol.
And again, Christian, my question mark is on Sylvia and Mark.
Then.
Value values, basically just what is the um, what we can say is index of over this.
So what would we be considering here is all capital characters, plus all small characters.
I mean, it's more characters.
Smolder, birds.
Plus numbers, plus symbols.
So we are done with what is this index of over?
It will include capital small groups and what somewhat these are done for the system default passwords.
These four system default password.
No, let's move it further how we can then add some random.
Well, first create string for password.
Would you return to the nun because your statement is a nun and it will appear in some password here
then or for use for loop integer I instant variable again to no big, less length lent, I use the length.
I looked plus simple for no.
Use this password is equal to password.
What it will do, it will put values correctness at.
Index.
Then are you remember what is the reason for that random matter?
It will choose any random thing from that on the 6th and it will put incentives.
So random dot next.
Next thing because for this, I, it will choose next and then.
Or in this next scene, values Dot.
Lent, because it will stop at that length, but also.
And some Blues return.
Password.
So what will we do the significance of this is this will take this from.
These this all six known password, we are saying with password, plus what is an act that includes
character act, correct, which character it does warm random Nixon.
It will choose random from this.
Also, there ain't no addition of that password values document will that it will put that password.
So no, I'm not giving the fixed length for this, but for that purpose, you will choose the symbol
linked here.
As I mentioned you, we will see in the next part.
So this is for the random password generating random password.
Now I want to create those spaces.
We just change password mental change password method.
Now in change password method, I want to take it to public now.
Why will you tell that it should be public?
You are all creating their private part and this is only public life.
So change passwords for user, not for the system user will change their password again.
I'm going to use some private things here, but it should be public for the user.
A significant source said Password.
Again, this is when you to the white student Typekit because it will return nothing.
It will just print.
No, no, I want to create some loop here.
The thing is before, like Sail said, where, you know, do we want to choose or change your password
and press y?
And in some little like that, I want to create your condition boolean flag.
Is equal to falls.
Similarly, we created for that State Department, similarly for this also.
Then, Lulu, you're the value system.
Lord $0.9.
Do you want to?
Change your password.
That part, why slash and why slash and.
Slash and.
So we will ask for use it now.
Let's see if we can get.
Joycelyn, I'm creating character, you remember these these are looking for that department, it isn't
the lamb greeting for the character that Joyce is equal to is not.
Next, for the character, it's for that scandal after scandal is not next.
What it will look, if you would be yes or something like that, then it will return some error to avoid
editor.
What I can do.
This is the first character, so what I can do is it's not an extreme, not character.
At Zero, you wrote in this, you wrote in this in.
We all know that edit transformed zoodles character starts out start from zero character.
That zero.
Then if.
Choice choice is equal to is equal.
Why?
Or I can see if choice.
Is equal pay is equal to smaller what?
Organization, I just put on the condition you.
Smallwood.
What it will be do is it's one flag is true.
It will stop that, but will do well.
So I'm just putting flags equal to two here.
inter-Korean law, so it shouldn't be asked for current password, also, if it will not match it will
do the a new password and all things not so in the current password.
So this is one of the what we can say is most biggest part of our project, said Password.
Then string.
I'm going to create some temporary variable.
To assign that and bring.
That part would be next.
What do they use it?
Again, if if it's equal to that password.
They not so.
Yes, not equals.
This not password.
And it will be us.
It will ask about new bus system.
Not overnight, but in Berlin.
And new.
Password.
And once this is entered.
What it can do is this not.
Password, it will just append to this.
It's not next.
It will upend that, but.
And it will bring in CNN's Don Riddell in.
Password.
Changed.
The 50.
We change the password successfully, password change.
Now, if password is wrong, if your password is wrong, this is wrong.
So an audit will be put.
Incorrect, but it's not I'm not pretending.
Incorrect.
Fast forward.
Now, if what if the choice is not this or that purpose, I'm going to create another elseif.
You know that LC is another in the elusive letter that I will create.
You're also.
I didn't know that.
OK, OK, what else?
It will should start from your wounds.
ElseIf.
Choice.
Is ecological to.
And order.
Chinese.
Is equal pay is equal to and small in.
Will just flag is equal to.
Through.
Removed from that new park.
And it will be seen not outdoors, but in Berlin.
Password.
Can.
Option.
Cancelled.
Let's it.
No.
I will create some defaulting here like else.
And our esteemed thought, oh, no doubt retelling.
Like inter-religious or something.
And after this, I will and violence with similar flag.
And that now we are done with our third person, whether this is the biggest part, as you know, in
this.
So what I do this.
I created here.
Password matter.
Public void said password Boolean flag is equal to faults with the do my loop.
I first would do that.
We want to change your password, yes or no.
Then I will enter from the user.
I will ask for you this layout and if user presses why?
It will change their password.
But before that, it will ask what a current password, if their current password matches with that
old passport like you are putting it, will be the new password.
If not, it will do the incorrect.
And if you are pressing anybody in, then it will that option we began soon or else if you're putting
some different like why other than wild and or something?
It will ask for an entomologist and then I'm executing that existing data.
So similarly for that, I'm going to create some suitable mailbox capacity then for alternate email,
then displaying the information of the user, then store the file and every method.
So that's it.